I'm not going out, I 'm going to work like this.
place and that makes the trip had no net
when I did not say the time
and that's what you do not like coming
here every day too and today I was
seeing from below up that gave
yes he
So you still have to take care of yourself, but you did not have
nobody in the ax house when he sold
something that was already in the works will pull the
hair and it has taken him to kill my store
punch and pierced and in the mouth and getting
help
this nobody passed in the mouth the
governor was still dark energy
dark
this was a first part where I already
I know a little
he explained why doing this subtraction
nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing, nothing but joy, and then
tired is going on drugs
in the jungle that was under the influence of drugs
10 was 30 in the morning getting to have
known then the neighbor being neighbor
hear our voice and sing along to it
family together there
we can not imagine that when it came to
Night on the street is known from our war
even how you felt at that
moment being assaulted
Did you think you were going to die in some
moment and death of the victim
I asked of God and the good farm even and
kick and kick
When is it where you'll come from and sign on here?
In my face
the blood whistles that even understanding
I have delivered as it is or just
got away
I do not know who the order is.
He declared that came so centered on a
grip it and I do not want no other and
I leave because of your house nobody
of course not
Then it was a long time there at that time until
there they sit there in the dam and thought
to take the packaging was the county the
advice is being much smaller
besides that neither packaging is good for there
for me to win in the bush and you have there and
only the hair that has a hair did not see right
the smoke and on my plate do not even kill
and I feel good and there will not do anything
with me otherwise I will not clean the
word of mouth and get out of there is when
hair flash
there I leave here you go up to
Sometimes my mother could not do it.
I still apologize I was sorry
Seeing up there on another street
His mother called him and he 's just that.
the son to lose his defense and come
here, do not fall, you will call me
He even tried to make a relationship with you.
I am aggression passed the hand not only not
I usually say yes and thus I do not know what
male and then I was squeezed that you would never
thought of going through this in your life is
heavier on CNN
I told our lady she appeared neither
looks schedule might think that would
happen to me I have no movie is
necessary, these people are straight
wait now imagine in full he is
very bruised where the growth was
larger in the face in the same head sector
My mother is my only selling point.
point arrived just in the hospital
perhaps this fact even though justice
want that is what it will deliver a
their families, who will introduce themselves to
lawyer
he did try to vacate because it was the
anyone even though we were
he was recognized for what he is about
Emanuel mother of ours even though he was
transformed into one and the same
day as it was designed that
for his way and made an album away
an exchange for the same